docs: reflect new state of CD in readme (#54)
guardian/commercial-core: README.md

1. [Node 14](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) ([nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [fnm](https://github.com/Schniz/fnm) recommended)
2. [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/)

### Releases

Commits that are merged to `main` on GitHub will be analysed by [semantic-release](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/).

> If the commit messages follow the [conventional commit format](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0), semantic-release will determine what types of changes are included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the PR title follows the [conventional commit format](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0), semantic-release will determine what types of changes are included.
```

Author: yeah this is tricky. technically it _is_ the commits themselves – the PR title becomes the commit message when the branch is merged. github is just squashing the other commits for you... will have another look at the wording

Author: had another go
